the oscars this week could come before time how do you think so
this the connoisseurs 8 years
but they have been in for so long
but they are just fine and
yes i have tried i have been painting over the years
but every time I come back to the first Paris and Bossche
yes especially of natural ice could be important for the rail in this just sit
yes like a house
yes I swear by natural ice
well i know there is yesterday that is the one who always made it
from my driver ago and
yes so i found out one
yes I am always very satisfied there so no bottleneck you and
year cell for nature also demands precisely
The band consists the hardness of the school shoes for the first time is good
they are not too hard and do not soften
and i just never and never very good
that is also the national debt that won the clock in Sweden last year
Yes is not European requirement is I have
from nowadays without put
well he hit combination himself
the experimental film ets walk with curves and with rain and rain
positions and
days to wait yes what in Japan delayed a material truck for
explain that it is over the two performances anyway is suspected
shortly before that natural ice and a few for the artificial ice
and we still have a separate pair of tube with a special use for it
bidding houses
of many other circumstances
and the agents
enough enough material to choose from
these tubes are everything you need for this project
yes the site
in even as long as I like the marathon skating goes scallop
in the front that works just fine
you are and you are free again
in the fitting to your shoes and
so what do you want me to be very important
I always have that with an emotional material band
that's why i'm worried about spending time yes that's just up to that
me and that we are actually selling to someone and I think I think so
that then again skates are those that have it